//This is a test
//This is the second test
User Stories
//this is the third test
1 point = 1 person working for 1 week

MAKE TESTS!

Implementation of classes for core funcionality took forever

As a user opening the application, I want to be able to log in (for accountability).
3 points (backend)
    TODO:    Integrate with backend
            Populate backend with admin user and pass

As a user, I want to be able to select from a list of students and mark their arrival, absence, and departure from activities that I am supervising. 2 points.
    TODO: Integrate with backend
          Lists of students rather than names of students should be sent to backend
          Send timestamp to backend once student has departed

As a user, I want to select the activities from a predefined set and I can use the Miscellaneous option to select one-off activities. 0.5 points.
    TODO: Implement add new activity
          Add miscellaneous activity
         
As a user, I want to be able to check in/out multiple students at a time by selecting an activity and then selecting which students I am logging in/out of that activity. 1 point
    TODO: Integrate w/ backend (This will be done w/
---> Up to here, need to have functional backend.

As a user, I want to be able to add my own comments to the updates that I perform in order to be able to take note of special circumstances and other such information. 0.5 points.
    TODO: Add this
   
As a user, I want the times that I have made these inputs to be automatically logged. 0.5 points
    TODO: Automaticaly done w/ timestamp on backend

As I user, I want to be able to check the status of a student's pickup clearance. 1 point.
    TODO: Add field (probably push this to second iteration)
   
As a user, I want to be able to conduct surveys while I am taking attendance. This should appear as an additional set of questions when I select a student to sign in. 2 points.
    TODO: Third Iteration

As a user I want to be able to use application equally well on tablets and smartphones. 1 point.
    TODO: Third Iteration

As a user, if wifi is not available, I should be able to store updates locally and synchronize with
main database when wifi connection is reestablished. 4 points
    TODO: Extra Credit

As a user, I want to be able to log comments for students which may consist of behavior issues or positive comments. 1 point
    TODO: Second Iteration
   
As a user, I want to be able to generate a report for a student which contains a history of the student’s attendance over the past year. 2 points
    TODO: Second Iteration
   
As a user, I want to be able to view reports by students and by activity. 1 point
    TODO: This is just an SQL query

As a user, I would like to be able to view the student’s progress report on a website. 2 points (maybe 3).
    Todo: Third iteration
   



Notes from 2/10 Meeting
Main purpose is to keep track of attendance - Definitely who arrives, and when they leave
It would be nice to keep track for each individual activity, keep track of who picks them up at the end of the day.
Secondarily - it would be nice if it could give status reports for each student - definitely behavior issues, but also might as well include positive things too, and general notes, whether homework was completed

There are potential wifi issues. This would affect how we communicate with the database (update realtime vs at the end of the day)
Mostly for phones, but there will soon be small tablets.

We probably won’t be able to use the actual database when developing this software.

Notes from 2/10 Meeting - Jose Varela
Idea: app to log administrative data; consistent throughout sites (schools).
Activities: After school program, snack, HW help
Logging student attendance: hard due to exceptions like kids leaving early.

Main functionality desired: List of kids set of activities, time-in/out logging for each activity.

Extra: Behavior data through forms.

Users: site directors.
Lots of written information. Work from 3-6pm at the site.

Features
Activity logging
    HW completion logging w/notes and comments
Attendance and reporting
    Per activity
    Listed by names
Disciplinary forms
Pick-up clearence
Surveys
Web view

Details
Attendance taken during snack.
Actvities vary and are irregular (2-3 special programs)
40-70 kids at any given time; 100+ in the summer.
Parents make arrangements for kids to walk home.

Some additional notes --X. L.
-Site director will possibly use larger tablet
-7” tablets likely, Lenovo IdeaPads?
-sync with Google Docs or temporary database
-additional features:
--use photos to take attendance
--keep track of homework completion
--reports that could be given to parents (parent involvement)

Supplementary user stories (lower priority)
-As an instructor, I’d like to be able to mark whether a child completed their homework during a session and be able to report that infromation to parents.
-As an instructor, I’d like to be able to mark students’ attendance with a grid of photos.
-As a parent (not necessarily direct user of app), I’d like to receive reports about my child’s progress and homework completion.